Introduce a module not activated screen for a few extra modules (#3085)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`1800` Users will now get greeted with a informational page when trying to access a page that requires a module to be activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`1800` Users will now be greeted with an informational notice when trying to access a page that requires a module to be activated.
```
